\$ {#$}
==

Description
-----------

The \$ object provides a number of debugging facilities and
informational methods.

### Static Properties

  ----------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------
  [build\<\$.build\>]{role="ref"} readonly        The ExtendScript build information.

  [buildDate\<\$.buildDate\>]{role="ref"}         The ExtendScript build date.
  readonly                                        

  [decimalPoint\<\$.decimalPoint\>]{role="ref"}   The character used as the decimal point character in
  readonly                                        formatted numeric output.

  [engineName\<\$.engineName\>]{role="ref"}       The name of the current ExtendScript engine, if set.
  readonly                                        

  [error\<\$.error\>]{role="ref"} readonly        The most recent run-time error information.

  [fileName\<\$.fileName\>]{role="ref"} readonly  The file name of the current script.

  [flags\<\$.flags\>]{role="ref"} readonly        Gets or sets low-level debug output flags.

  [global\<\$.global\>]{role="ref"} readonly      A reference to the global object, which contains the
                                                  JavaScript global namespace.

  [hiresTimer\<\$.hiresTimer\>]{role="ref"}       A high-resolution timer, measuring the time in
  readonly                                        microseconds. The timer starts when ExtendScript is
                                                  initialized during the application startup sequence.
                                                  Every read access resets the timer to Zero.

  [includePath\<\$.includePath\>]{role="ref"}     The path for include files for the current script.
  readonly                                        

  [level\<\$.level\>]{role="ref"} readonly        The current debugging level, which enables or disables
                                                  the JavaScript debugger.

  [line\<\$.line\>]{role="ref"} readonly          The current line number of the currently executing
                                                  script.

  [locale\<\$.locale\>]{role="ref"} readonly      Gets or sets the current locale.

  [localize\<\$.localize\>]{role="ref"} readonly  Set to true to enable the extended localization features
                                                  of the built-in toString() method.

  [memCache\<\$.memCache\>]{role="ref"} readonly  The ExtendScript memory cache size, in bytes.

  [os\<\$.os\>]{role="ref"} readonly              The current operating system version information.

  [screens\<\$.screens\>]{role="ref"} readonly    An array of objects containing information about the
                                                  display screens attached to your computer.

  [stack\<\$.stack\>]{role="ref"} readonly        The current stack trace.

  [strict\<\$.strict\>]{role="ref"} readonly      Sets or clears strict mode for object modification.

  [version\<\$.version\>]{role="ref"} readonly    The version number of the ExtendScript engine.
  ----------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------

### Static Methods

  --------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
  [about\<\$.about\>]{role="ref"} readonly      Shows an About box for the ExtendScript
                                                component, and returns the text for the box.

  [bp\<\$.bp\>]{role="ref"} readonly            Breaks execution at the current position.

  [colorPicker\<\$.colorPicker\>]{role="ref"}   Invokes the platform-specific color selection
  readonly                                      dialog, and returns the selected color.

  [evalFile\<\$.evalFile\>]{role="ref"}         Loads and evaluates a file.
  readonly                                      

  [gc\<\$.gc\>]{role="ref"} readonly            Initiates garbage collection in the
                                                ExtendScript engine.

  [getenv\<\$.getenv\>]{role="ref"} readonly    Retrieves the value of an environment
                                                variable.

  [setenv\<\$.setenv\>]{role="ref"} readonly    Sets the value of an environment variable.

  [sleep\<\$.sleep\>]{role="ref"} readonly      Suspends the calling thread for a number of
                                                milliseconds.

  [toString\<\$.toString\>]{role="ref"}         Converts this object to a string.
  readonly                                      

  [write\<\$.write\>]{role="ref"} readonly      Prints text to the Console.

  [writeln\<\$.writeln\>]{role="ref"} readonly  Prints text to the Console, and adds a newline
                                                character.
  --------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------

::: {.container .hide}
::: {.toctree}
\$/error.rst \$/version.rst \$/build.rst \$/buildDate.rst \$/global.rst
\$/stack.rst \$/level.rst \$/flags.rst \$/strict.rst \$/locale.rst
\$/localize.rst \$/decimalPoint.rst \$/memCache.rst \$/screens.rst
\$/os.rst \$/fileName.rst \$/line.rst \$/hiresTimer.rst
\$/engineName.rst \$/includePath.rst

\$/about.rst \$/toString.rst \$/write.rst \$/writeln.rst \$/bp.rst
\$/getenv.rst \$/setenv.rst \$/sleep.rst \$/colorPicker.rst
\$/evalFile.rst \$/gc.rst
:::
:::
